let's talk about labels the classics
still exist
Jah geek rocker mean girl sorry but what
I didn't know was I had a brand new
label rear girls it's actually not my
job to give you an tell my best friends
it kinda is though as their Duff sorry
as their what Duff the uff designated
ugly fat friend what did you just say to
me every group of friends has one you
know the one who doesn't look as good
thus making their friends look better
the one who's easy to talk to you
because no one's trying to get with them
you friended up
good talk I'm saying how could you guys
not tell me that I was your Duff or what
oh no you did I'm not in a sale yes you
did I don't want to be anybody's Duff
want to be the dateable one I will make
sure you pass science if you help me
with this you got the easy part
after reverse stuff you are you wearing
pajamas right I wanted to go shopping I
could have done that with Justin Casey I
need you to give me real talk
you got a uniboob your posture sucks you
need to start dressing less like
wreckit-ralph boom real talk people like
you will never matter here you need to
realize you're only as awesome as you
think you are
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
oh I have a date hmm
don't do that she do you don't stop
question it's important what what do you
want come on to you